README.md, before:

🎯 Number Guessing Game (Python CLI)

A simple and fun command-line Number Guessing Game built in Python.
The computer picks a random number between 1 and 100, and you try to guess it with limited chances based on the difficulty level.

🚀 Features

✔ Random number generation
✔ Difficulty levels (Easy / Medium / Hard)
✔ Limited number of guesses
✔ Hints: "higher" or "lower"
✔ Shows total attempts
✔ Timer to track how long you took
✔ Play again option
✔ High-score tracking
✔ Pure CLI — runs in any terminal

📦 How to Run the Project
1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/sidhvik17/number-guessing-game.git

2. Go to the project folder
cd number-guessing-game

3. Run the Python script
python3 game.py

🕹️ Gameplay Instructions

When the game starts, it displays a welcome message and the rules.

Choose a difficulty level:

Easy → 10 chances

Medium → 5 chances

Hard → 3 chances

Enter your guess.

The game will tell you whether the number is higher or lower.

Keep guessing until:
✔ You guess correctly 🎉
❌ You run out of chances

At the end, you can choose to play again.

📁 File Structure
number-guessing-game/
│── num_guessing.py       
│── README.md      

🛠️ Requirements

Python 3.x

No external libraries needed (uses built-in modules)




👨‍💻 Author

sidhvik

Commit message:

Update README with project link and formatting
Added project link and improved formatting.

README.md, after:

 Number Guessing Game (Python CLI)

This project is part of the roadmap.sh Developer Projects list.
📌 Project Link: https://roadmap.sh/projects/number-guessing-game
A simple and fun command-line Number Guessing Game built in Python.
The computer picks a random number between 1 and 100, and you try to guess it with limited chances based on the difficulty level.

 Features

✔ Random number generation
✔ Difficulty levels (Easy / Medium / Hard)
✔ Limited number of guesses
✔ Hints: "higher" or "lower"
✔ Shows total attempts
✔ Timer to track how long you took
✔ Play again option
✔ High-score tracking
✔ Pure CLI — runs in any terminal

 How to Run the Project
1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/sidhvik17/number-guessing-game.git

2. Go to the project folder
cd number-guessing-game

3. Run the Python script
python3 game.py

🕹️ Gameplay Instructions

When the game starts, it displays a welcome message and the rules.

Choose a difficulty level:

Easy → 10 chances

Medium → 5 chances

Hard → 3 chances

Enter your guess.

The game will tell you whether the number is higher or lower.

Keep guessing until:
✔ You guess correctly 🎉
❌ You run out of chances

At the end, you can choose to play again.

📁 File Structure
number-guessing-game/
│── num_guessing.py       
│── README.md      

🛠️ Requirements

Python 3.x

No external libraries needed (uses built-in modules)




Author
sidhvik
